.TH HTTP-GET 1C LOCAL 
.SH NAME
http-get \- simple http client and siod example program
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B http-get
url [output-file] [:proxy=name] [:header=true] [:username=xx] [:password=xx] [:alarm=seconds] [:post=filename] [:cookie=value] [:redirect=true] [:check-status=false] [:host=true]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.I http-get
is a simple http command-client which demonstrates the use of
siod socket and regular expression capabilities.

.RE
.SS COMMAND LINE OPTIONS
.TP 8
.BI :proxy=XXXXX
The
.I XXXXX
is the name of the proxy server followed by a colon and a port number.
.TP
.BI :header=XXXXX
The 
.I XXXXX
if equal to true causes the http headers to be output
along with the content. If equal to only causes only the http header
to be output.
.TP
.BI :username=XXXXX
The
.I XXXXXX
is the plain text username to transmit using basic authentication.
.TP
.BI :password=XXXXX
The
.I XXXXX
is the plaintext password.
.TP
.BI :post=filename
The
.I filename
contains lines of the form keyword=value. Both the keywords
and values are url encoded, and the result is transmitted
to the web server as a POST of application/x-www-form-urlencoded
content.
.TP
.BI :cookie=value
A cookie header is included with the request. If the value is true
then then the  set-cookie headers are used to obtain the cookie value,
although the entire cookie spec is not implemented. Otherwise value
is used as the value of the cookie header.

.TP
.BI :redirect=value
If
.I value
is true (default) then redirections are handled by a recursive call
to http-get.

.TP
.BI :check-status=false
If
.I value
is true then before storing then an error exit status is returned
if the http response status is not of the form 2xx,
in which case no content data is stored in the output file.

.TP
.BI :host=value
If
.I value
is true (default) then an http 1.1 style "Host:" header is sent.
If false then none is sent. Otherwise the value specified is
used as the host header.

.SH FILES
http-get http-stress.scm
.PD
.SH SEE ALSO
siod http://people.delphi.com/gjc/siod.html


